I once had a balance
and people asked me what it was like to be
untouchable martin scorsese
better imagine they asked what
will be if it ends
I shouldn't have met my friends
mafia
we're not in Brooklyn Yeah it Gryazin
eynarah so far from friend wine what
there is nowhere else I got this
witness protection program welcome
welcome to france and try
do nothing i mess up with how do you
new place every three months as u
at least we have not changed now
family breaks have any wishes for
about school children
Well, you know, wait faster for everything
you get used maniac thanks to me
there are complaints
complaints corruption burglary theft I want
see your doctor and trouble and cocoa
peanut butter on the right next to the feed
for dogs Minsk
stupid american
how was your day
for May from hatchless hatch film producers
hostage
you know what they do to you
if you find your family in the middle
take care not to happen
I will try to facilitate my task they
somewhere around here find the operation started
family on the water
honestly i haven't confessed for a hundred years
this fall and your family is the embodiment of evil
because of which you can lend all the fuss mafia
phone I will not give my phone
those attacked need to find children
you set up i know
Academy Award Winners Robert DeNiro
Michelle Pfeiffer and Tommy Lee Jones
but how 1 yes everything is quiet family
why did it not kill plumbing
killed just sent to the hospital this
now you are a pipe treatment and who will
restore the supermarket that you
blew up the first day